Hahahahaha
Good things have come so far I want to ask one thing.
Before I die let me die clearly
Hi Susan.
Ha ha ha ha
You're really careful enough.
There's no way
Dealing with smart people like you
I need to pay more attention.
Are you Zhang Yong's business person?
Hahaha, I'm your aunt.
What I did in secret was discovered by you.
Yes, I've sent someone to contact Zhang Yong.
Deliberately leaking your project.
And the person who registered their project company is also mine.
letter
Today is really the right time for me to take action.
Otherwise we will be the dead.
Why, of course, for money?
Yunhai's projects are not enough for you to make money
Who says you can't have more if you make money from Yunhai's projects?
I designed Zhang Yong.
I'm just optimistic about his project.
Zhang Liang secretly helped Zhang Yong sell his shares.
So...
We both have a 40 percent stake.
You are the only enemy left.
But that bitch is on your side
So as long as you
Only then can I feel comfortable.